there was a famous film critic
named roger ebert he's now deceased
there's still a lot of websites up with
his reviews he's still famous to this
day
every so often he would offer political
commentary on a film
and he would be accused of racism i
never once saw him do this himself
but i kind of wonder if he was sitting
there watching and waiting in the
comment section for someone to point out
you know his wife is black for someone
to post a photograph
of him together with his wife and say
look you know now
roger ebert i've read plenty of his
reviews i've read his reviews dealing
with political matters and specifically
relations between african-americans and
white americans this is fair
roger ebert was not racist but
this being the 21st century it was
probably inevitable that sooner or later
someone would accuse him of racism and
probably he
all his life took a certain kind of uh
amusement
from the fact that he happened to be
married to an african-american woman
that he had this
get out of jail free card whenever this
accusation was made
i know another white american stand-up
comic
who every so often is accused of being
racist and people point out you know
his wife and the children he's raising
with his wife are black his wife had
kids from another husband before him and
stuff he's very much part of the black
community lives her life like
if that guy living that life coming from
that background has some
commentary about his experience with the
african-american community
he's probably entitled to some kind of
perspective to some extent with
a little bit of leeway and he's probably
not racist probably
i made a video here on youtube
that was banned for being racist
against the french and you're about to
see that video you can't see the
original upload
because it was first demonetized then
censored then outright deleted
so like it went up the scale of how
censored it was
and you know what you know what i got
married
to a french woman you know what i'm
still in divorce court
trying to divorce a french woman i have
a daughter
and i can't say she's half french
because it's not just that her mother is
french she's born and raised and going
to school
in france i feel i have a daughter who's
french
i feel i'm involved enough with french
culture
that if i want to make some humorous
statements if i want to make some
satirical statements if i want to offer
some commentary about life in france
i really do feel that youtube should not
censor and shut down my video
as racist
[Music]
it's that time people it's time to spin
that wheel
it's time to play that game blame
the victim that's right
i'm gonna say it you know who's
responsible for the fact that
coronavirus has been
vastly more devastating in france than
it was in japan
or taiwan which are in case you hadn't
seen a map
right next door to china do you know
who's to blame the french
one of my most common experiences living
in france
married to a french woman having a
french child
was walking into a bakery whether in the
streets of paris marseille
or nice walking into a bakery buying a
loaf of bread
then as soon as i'm at the door tearing
the bread in half and throwing half of
it in the garbage
because the hats that have been directly
handled by the baker's assistant or
cashier or whatever
they directly grab and handle the bread
with their bare hands
the same hands that are handling money
raw meat beef chicken the same hands
that they'll use to pick something up
off the floor or touch their shoes the
very
fundamental breakthrough of the germ
theory of disease normally given is
something that marks the
end of the dark ages and the beginning
of the renaissance
depends on when you put it on the
calendar shall we say um
the germ theory of disease remains
fundamentally
unknown to the french and if you dare to
point this out to them
if you say in paris in nice in marseille
if you said
pardon me i don't really want to eat
a loaf of bread that you've directly
handled with your bare hands
directly coming back and forth to the
cash register directly handling other
groceries that include like
raw eggs raw meat etc that just doesn't
interest me i'm not buying a rock
i'm not buying a pet rock to put in a
[ __ ] terrarium i'm buying
already baked bread to put directly into
my mouth it's not a banana
where i can take off the banana peel all
right by handling the bread in this way
you've made its value go from one dollar
to zero
i would now pay to not eat it yeah
sometimes you throw half of the bread in
the garbage that's the half you
saw them handling but before you got
there they were handling it the same way
before they put it on the shelf
the french have no concept of the germ
theory of disease
i've done humanitarian work in third
world countries where people are
genuinely illiterate have just genuinely
lacked access to education
where they're kind of learning about
this stuff for the first time they're
way better off than the french
they are way more advanced than the
french the former french colony of
cambodia
the former french colony of laos they
are way ahead of the french
because if you dare to point this out to
the french
you know what you get back ego
how dare you who do you think you are
to tell me how to do my job well you
know what if you work in a bakery
and you don't have the concept of the
germ theory of disease
that you have to wear plastic gloves or
wash your hands or make some other
serious transition that demarcates the
hand that handles money
at the cash register and it directly
touches bread to pass to me
but if you don't know that then yes i am
in the position
to tell you how to do your job because
i'm living in the 21st century
and you are living in the 11th century
you're fully 1 000 years out of the
[ __ ] loop
and they have this tremendous sense of
ego this tremendous sense of entitlement
i remember going into a uh falafel shop
with my ex-wife
uh i think this was just before my
ex-wife gave birth she was still
pregnant
we go into this falafel shop and this
guy you know it's a normal thing with
falafels there are several different
bins for the different ingredients
like raw green vegetables onions hummus
like you know and then the actual
falafel balls and the bread
the guy is handling all of it directly
with his bare hands
while chatting with other people while
smoking a cigarette
handling the cigarette someone else came
in to give him money for something like
an order or a delivery or something came
in
oh hey man you know like he paused for a
minute he handles them when he puts it
away
then he directly with his bare fingers
handling tomato like
already diced pieces of wet tomato
pudding with the same fingers that
handle the money
they don't give a [ __ ] i say to max wife
look
you can tell him or i can tell him but
the reality is
either we tell him or as soon as he
hands us this falafel we're putting in
that garbage can before we go like
if you want to pay him i can lose the
money but what's the point just to make
him feel better
so we we might as well tell my ex-wife
look i'm sorry
we cannot eat this falafel now i mean
she was pregnant
she's not in a position to just get a
head cold and [ __ ] around and be
be in bed with a head cold for two weeks
you have a huge impact on her pregnancy
and her first
you know breastfeeding the baby most of
us at most times of our life
just don't have two weeks to throw away
even if the only
risk we're taking here is the ordinary
head cold just a cold not coronavirus
not uh amoebic dysentery or the
myriad other diseases you can get by
handling food
in an unsafe and improper way you know
what
in france this incredibly
high-handed insulting self-righteous
smug attitude
about their refusal to adhere to modern
standards of hygiene modern standards of
hygiene i've seen people following
again taiwan japan unit they know
when i was in taiwan they would always
put on a plastic glove
to handle a piece of bread before
putting it in a plastic bag and you know
what happened when the coronavirus
epidemic hit
they got guidelines from the government
saying no from now on you have to have a
glove on both hands
when you open the bag to the prince i
noticed the difference i noticed the
difference when i went to five months
ago
oh right now we got to put and you know
they're not even using the other hand
they only really touch the bread with
one hand like oh right the government
just cracked down because like in theory
indirectly somehow
the other hand could could so that you
know they understand
food hygiene they understand that
disease spreads through
contact with food and that's the crucial
vector here
france is willing to roll out every
other [ __ ]
draconian repressive policy take all of
people's civil rights away
have the police flying drones through
the sky
hunting down grandmothers who are
walking their dog in the park
as if walking through the grass is going
to spread coronavirus
when it's not handling falafels with
your bare fingers handling bread with
your bare fingers
what goes on every day in every grocery
store in france
as well as every take out food
restaurant that is what spread
coronavirus and this extends to all
levels of education in society if you
have some kind of smug
stereotype you're like oh well that's
just poor and uneducated people no it's
not
it's medical doctors and nurses in
hospitals
at the highest level i said to one
doctor straight to his [ __ ] face
look i may not have a phd but even
i wash my hands before i put them inside
my wife's vagina
i've seen doctors smug as [ __ ] refusing
to wash their hands when i interrupt
them and say i'm sorry
before this vaginal exam goes any
further
there's a sink right there on the wall i
want you to wash your hands
i have gotten in the face of doctors and
nurses in france and this
repeatedly and they [ __ ] feel like
it's part of their goddamn cultural
heritage
to handle the food you eat before you
eat it and to put their fingers in your
goddamn vagina
without [ __ ] washing their hands so
guess what france
more than 20 000 people are gonna
[ __ ] die because of this [ __ ]
ego trip you've been on for 500 years
the germ theory of disease
look it up
[Music]
make sure that you do me good guys
because i come in here every single day
covered in glitter covered in sequins
covered in booty shorts covered in
nylons so that i do not violate the
terms of service so that each and every
one of you connect both hands on the
keyboard so you can enjoy the stream
so you can have a good time listening to
me playing with me
singing with me smiling with me enjoying
your life
with you and chew you do you do deserve
to enjoy
each and every moment of your life you
enjoy and each and every one of your
life is worthy
you guys you can do it you can be the
best that you can be
and we can do it together it's going to
take effort it's going to take patience
it's going to take a lot a lot a lot a
lot of work but if we don't try
then what the [ __ ] is stopping us from
just throwing ourselves off a bridge
and giving up and saying yeah the planet
is dying
the government hates us the animals are
leaving
the aliens are contacting us we might be
alone it just might be you and me
but that's okay because you really need
anyone else